Add vector search documentation (#9135)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _vector-search/performance-tuning.md

---
layout: default
title: Performance tuning
nav_order: 70
has_children: true
redirect_from:
  - /search-plugins/knn/performance-tuning/
---

# Performance tuning

This topic provides performance tuning recommendations to improve indexing and search performance for approximate k-NN (ANN). From a high level, k-NN works according to these principles:
* Vector indexes are created per knn_vector field / (Lucene) segment pair.
* Queries execute on segments sequentially inside the shard (same as any other OpenSearch query).

> * The coordinator node picks up final size number of neighbors from the neighbors returned by each shard.

Author: ```suggestion
* The coordinator node selects the final `size` neighbors from the neighbors returned by each shard.
```
